README.md, before:

# ESM

## Change Log - July 07 2022
- Ability to create staff appraisals
- Ability to create appraisal policy
- Ability to schedule staff induction
- Ability to update appraisal policy
- Ability to fetch scheduled appraisals
## Change Log - June 09 2022
- Ability to add misc info for interview
- Ability to add interview score
- Ability to create induction
- Ability to create induction checklist
- Ability to update induction checklist
- Ability to delete induction checklist
- Ability to create IT policy
- Ability to create employment policy
## Change Log - March 03 2022
- Ability to fetch all offers
- Ability to upload logo for practice
- Ability t0 create interview policy
- Ability to update interview policy
- Ability to add adhoc question to interview
- Ability to add candidate questions to interview
## Change Log - Feb 17 2022
- Ability to fetch past interviews for recruiter
- Ability to create interviews
- Ability to schedule interview
- Ability to fetch single interview
- Ability to send offer to candidate
- Ability to create ghost profiles in the system
- Ability to create vacancies (Hiring Requests)
- Ability to fetch single vacancy (Hiring Request)
- Ability to fetch all vacancies (Hiring Requests)
## Change Log - Feb 08 2022
-   Ability to assign department head when creating a department
-   Ability to assign practice manager when creating a practice
-   Endpoint for fetching single job specification
-   Endpoint for fetching single person specification
-   Ability to assign user to a department
-   Added the ability to add creator of a hiring request

Commit message:

updated change log till 20th July 2022

README.md, after:

# ESM

## Change Log - July 20 2022
- Added request for appraisals
- Changes to update appraisal request
- Fixes to appraisal models
## Change Log - July 19 2022
- Added CRUD methods to appraisal service
- Added controller for appraisal policy
## Change Log - July 18 2022
- Added relations for appaisal queestions and aprraisal policy
- Marked role as nullable for fetching induction checklist
- Added logic to fetch induction policies with practice or with practice + role
- Added relations for Appraisal Question Option
- Added endpoint for fetching single induction
- Added model and migration for Appraisal Answer
- Added relationship between Appraisal and Appraisal Answer
- Added routes for appraisals in api.php
- Changes to resultAlreadyGenerated
- Fixes to induction results
- Added endpoint for update induction

## Change log - July 15 2022
- Added models and migrations for Appraisals
- Added relation for role and induction checklist
- Added a new endpoint for induction result
- Added a new endpoint for fetching user specific induction
- Added CRUD service for creating appraisal policy
## Change Log - July 13 2022
- Created Appraisal Service
## Change Log - July 07 2022
- Ability to create staff appraisals
- Ability to create appraisal policy
- Ability to schedule staff induction
- Ability to update appraisal policy
- Ability to fetch scheduled appraisals
## Change Log - June 09 2022
- Ability to add misc info for interview
- Ability to add interview score
- Ability to create induction
- Ability to create induction checklist
- Ability to update induction checklist
- Ability to delete induction checklist
- Ability to create IT policy
- Ability to create employment policy
## Change Log - March 03 2022
- Ability to fetch all offers
- Ability to upload logo for practice
- Ability t0 create interview policy
- Ability to update interview policy
- Ability to add adhoc question to interview
- Ability to add candidate questions to interview
## Change Log - Feb 17 2022
- Ability to fetch past interviews for recruiter
- Ability to create interviews
- Ability to schedule interview
- Ability to fetch single interview
- Ability to send offer to candidate
- Ability to create ghost profiles in the system
- Ability to create vacancies (Hiring Requests)
- Ability to fetch single vacancy (Hiring Request)
- Ability to fetch all vacancies (Hiring Requests)
## Change Log - Feb 08 2022
-   Ability to assign department head when creating a department
-   Ability to assign practice manager when creating a practice
-   Endpoint for fetching single job specification
-   Endpoint for fetching single person specification
-   Ability to assign user to a department
-   Added the ability to add creator of a hiring request
